#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
agno==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blessed==1.20.0
    # via inquirer
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
celery==5.4.0
    # via django-celery-beat
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
channels==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via django-celery-beat
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via willow
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-rest-auth==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.1.5
    # via
    #   channels
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   laces
    #   wagtail
django-allauth==65.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via wagtail
django-health-check==3.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via wagtail
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework-api-key==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via agno
draftjs-exporter==5.0.0
    # via wagtail
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
editor==1.6.6
    # via inquirer
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via willow
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   agno
    #   streamlit
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
inquirer==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.4.2
    # via celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
laces==0.1.2
    # via wagtail
mailchimp3==3.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
narwhals==1.33.0
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==1.69.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via wagtail
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   djangorestframework-api-key
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   pillow-heif
    #   streamlit
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.21.0
    # via willow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via click-repl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   agno
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via agno
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via djangorestframework-simplejwt
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   agno
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via agno
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   l18n
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   drf-spectacular
readchar==4.2.1
    # via inquirer
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   mailchimp3
    #   streamlit
    #   stripe
    #   wagtail
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   agno
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
runs==1.2.2
    # via editor
selenium==4.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
streamlit==1.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
stripe==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.2.1
    # via agno
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   agno
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   agno
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   selenium
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3[socks]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wagtail==6.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
willow[heif]==1.9.0
    # via
    #   wagtail
    #   willow
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmod==1.8.1
    # via
    #   editor
    #   runs
